WASHERMAN PROBLEM:-
3 washer man, 3 wash platform, 1 cash counter.
Waiting House:  4 students on chair, additional student  in  laundry room.
Total number of student  15 at a time.
A student:
Îù Will not enter the laundry  if it is filled to capacity
Îù Takes a seat on the chair, or stands if chair is filled
Îù When a washer man is free, the student waiting longest on chair is served
The student standing the longest takes up seat on the chair. (Starvation concept)
Îù When a studentÎéÎ÷s clothes is washed, any washer man can accept payment but
because of the single cash counter, only one payment is accepted at a time (semaphore concept)

process:-
 washer man, wash plateform, cash counter.
 READY QUEUE: 4 students on chair. 
 JOB QUEUE: additional student in laundry room.
 BUSY WAITING: 4 students  again and again try to invoke the function wash_cloth. Because they are unaware of each other, so processorÎéÎ÷s (3 washer man)  time will waste to response them. 
 Solution of this problem is ÎíÎñ SPIN LOCK.
 When student is ready to pay then 2 student can simultaneously pay . but there is only one cash counter so only one washer man can paid on at a time,(CRITICAL SECTION)  problem is removed by implementing (SEMAPHORE)

 Îù WASHING HOUSE and CHAIR capacity
 ÎíÎñ max_capacity (initial value = 15)
 ÎíÎñ Chair (initial value = 4)
 Îù Washer man chair capacity
 ÎíÎñ washer_platform(initial value = 3)
 Îù Ensuring students cloths are with washer man.
 ÎíÎñ student_ready (initial value = 0)
 Îù washerman waits for student.
 ÎíÎñ finished (initial value = 0)
 Îù student waits for cleaning  the clothes.
 ÎíÎñ leave_b_chair (initial value = 0)
 Îù washerman waits for wash platform to empty
 Îù Paying and receiving
 ÎíÎñ payment (initial value = 0)
 Îù cashier waits for student  to pay
 ÎíÎñ receipt (initial value = 0)
 Îù student waits for cashier to acknowledge
 Îù Coordinating washerman functions
 ÎíÎñ coord (initial value = 0)
 Îù wait for awasheman resource to free up
  




